 Story Draft <- Needs Hannah stamp
 
 Ordered by Events (Will work on Chapter basis (Does not affect gameplay))
 
 1.  Ship washes up, best friend no where to be seen

 2.  Player enters village, sees Banditos threatening mayor for money - Mayor pays stranger to deal with Banditos

 3.  Banditos leader escapes. Mayor pays player and tells them to visit nearby town Sharktown

 4.  Player goes to Sharktown but is arrested by guardsmen - Bandito leader appears and turns out to be general

 5.  Player learns that guardsmen are from rival nation who attacked players home! (See story intro). Player defeats 
	general

 6.  Mayor of Sharktown thanks Player and gives player a house by the sea

 7.  Best friend appears at Players home, tells him that this is rival nations home country!

 8.  Messenger arrives for player, Banditos have attacked first town again

 9.  Player confronts Banditos, learns that the king has been murdered, prince has become new king

 10. Plot thickens, princess and second prince have disappeared but no knows how - vanished from their rooms

 11. Best friend travels to another town, asks Player to met them there.

 12. Player arrives as town is under attack, Player forced to stop invaders - weird barbarians

 13. Barbarians stopped, several captured, Lord Mayor of town thanks player and pays them for trouble

 14. Barbarian kidnaps Player as they leave town, Player interrigated and learns they want to stop the king

 15. Second Prince appears alongside Barbarians and tells them to let Player go but asks Players help with finding 
	princess

 16. Player accepts and is told to head to Coastal city of Speculo. Upon arrival best friend appears and says she 
	escaped town from barbarians and fled here

 17. Player finds Mayor Duke, asks if he's seen princess, he says no but tells him that Quaesitor might know

 18. Quaesitor appears and tells Player that he saw the princess on a ship, surrounded by Banditos. Ship broken so 
	stuck in Dock

 19. Player frees Princess, only to learn she'd hired the banditos, but is happy when he tells her about Second Prince

 20. Escorting her back, Second Prince thanks and pays Player, then says that they're off to confront the King

 21. Two days pass (Apparently) and player learns that the capital is under siege. It's then that a messenger tells 
	Player that Second prince dead and princess needs help

 22. Player goes to capital and finds the princess outside with barbarians. She tells Player she's about to attack and 
	needs help

 23. Player fights way inside, escorting the princess, and then finds the King. King attacks Player

 24. Player defends and defeats the King, killing him, but then his guards appear and the Princess orders the Players 
	arrest

 25. Player gets visited by messenger in jail, telling him he can go and never speak of this or stay in jail

 26. Player breaks free, but there are two doors that he can use. The left one goes to the Princess, the right goes outside
 
 Left:
 27. Player fights way to Princess and demands to know why arrested, she said that the kingdom would crumble if they 
	knew the royalty had fought each other

 28. More guards appear and she tells them to kill the Player. Player defeats the guards and then left with another choice.

 29. Player can leave then, as door behind is open, or he can kill the Princess and avenge their home.

 Right:
 27: Best friend meets Player and hands the player a letter and pouch, letter thanks Player and pays him for help and 
	silence

 28: Best friend asks what happened, and when the player says, she says that they should tell everyone. Player 
	left with choice

 29: Player and Best Friend tell everyone or Player can fight Best friend so they don't tell

 Endings:
 A. Player leaves after guards -> Queen orders arrest of Player, player then spends rest of life in hiding

 B. Player kills the queen     -> Kingdom crumbles as royalty destoryed, Banditos roam everywhere, Player 
					forced into life of constant survival

 C. Player and friend tell     -> Kingdom riots as letter used as proof, Queen gets dethroned and executed, Player 
					becomes next ruler of kingdom

 D. Player kills best friend   -> Player lives a peaceful life as a fisherman, in their home of Sharktown
